docs: add documentation on PM_SINGLE_IMAGE config (#2674)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: scripts/partition_manager/partition_manager.rst

In particular, partition definitions are global per domain, and must be identical across calls to ``add_partition_manager_config()``.
If the same partition is defined twice with different configurations within a domain, the Partition Manager will fail.

.. note::

>    If only subsystems define Partition Manager configurations (i.e. only one image is included in the build), the option :option:`CONFIG_PM_SINGLE_IMAGE` must be set for the Partition Manager script to be executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   If Partition Manager configurations are only defined by subsystems (i.e. only one image is included in the build), the option :option:`CONFIG_PM_SINGLE_IMAGE` must be set for the Partition Manager script to be executed.
```
